All things start somewhere, and learning magic is no different. To begin, we must look back to a time when I was mundane, we were powerless and magic was a dream.

**_Study, Young One_

Master swears to the Stars Above that this is necessary, but I can't help but feel like I was scammed. She says that I must study if I want to lay the proper foundations to becoming a Magus. When that will be, I cannot know.

“Research is the study of sources, done with the intention of establishing facts and forming new conclusions," Master says. Since I am new to magic, I need to discover these facts and come to my own conclusions. Apparently, magic is "individual in understanding but collective in practice", whatever that means.

With that said, she sent me to acquire a Lectern. When I have it in my inventory, I'll have completed this “quest.”

…

I have the Lectern. According to my Master, I need to place it down, craft myself an Ink & Quill and get some ordinary books. With all these, I am fully prepared.

With the Ink & Quill in my offhand and my Books in the other, I can research. Every time I do, I will use up a Book but I'll get some _insight_ into magic. Master says that I might jot down _Scribe Notes_ too, which I can read and/or research.

I've been researching for a bit now. I think I've overdone it because I'm too mentally exhausted to even look at my lectern now. I’m sure that a good night's rest can ease my tiredness. The otherworldly whispers are quite unsettling though.

If I want to keep my sanity throughout the day, I should try to keep my exhaustion from studying to manageable levels, and maybe munch on something sweet when I can.

**_Magical Energy?_

I've noticed something. The more I research, the more powerful I feel. It is difficult to explain but anyone researching magic should feel the same.

My Master says that I am gaining more arcana capacity. Arcana is the magical energy used to perform spells. That is exciting! I am getting closer to my goal!

She says that I need to have a maximum arcana of 200 or more in order to progress. Apparently, by diligently researching, my capacity will naturally increase.

…

I've done it. Unfortunately, my Master says I am STILL not able to learn spells yet. However, she says that I am one step away from it.

Apparently, in my research, I need to look out for any Scribe Notes I make concerning rituals and ceremonies. She also encouraged me to research that Scribe Note when I do find it.
I suppose that I will know what I am looking for when I find it. It seems to be very important. Could it be some kind of occult initiation ritual?

**_Occult Initiation_

After cycles of research, I've finally figured out what I need for this ritual. It is quite simple to perform (besides memorizing the arcanic involved). It is _not_, however, simple to understand...

Regardless, it shouldn't be a problem to complete. I've noted it down in my journal; I will perform it tonight. (You may find the Occult Initiation in the Incantanomica)

…

I've done it! I've succeeded, and I feel changed. I cannot believe that that worked... This leads to much more questions though. Originally, I pursued magick in hopes of casting spells. That is still the case, but there are other reasons now, other mysteries.
I am now able to cast spells! 

There is a minor... well, major issue. I do not know any of the magic words (Incants, I believe) that I need to formulate even the simplest magic spell. The real minor issue is that I do not even know how to cast magick, but that can easily be solved by badgering Master.       

She always says that my most developed skill is annoying information out of people. I generally disagree, but I suppose if that _were_ to be true, I'll get my answers fairly soon.