You are now among the elites of magick. The ignorant call it hubris, the envious call it pride. We know it is an honor; and so I will teach you what you must know so you may be honored as well.

**_Akashic Mechanics I_

Master says I am now a vessel, a vessel to contain magick. I am unsure how to feel about that, but I guess that's what I get for performing unverified magical rituals in the dead of night. The harm is already done, so no use crying over burnt research.

Master has made it clear that I need incants to work _any_ of my magick. There is a distinction among them, but I may find and understand some Passive Incants by doing some research with normal books. I couldn't tell them apart before, but Master says my awakening will "show me what I could not see and realize what I could not understand".

The Incants I seek are ETE, DEBUG, and GEA. These are the fundamentals that I need for what comes next.

…

I've found them all! I can, to some degree, spellscribe now. However, I need to somewhat understand how The Akashic works. It is the being I became an avatar of during my ritual. Master says that we are vessels of magic, but she couldn't have meant that literally... could she?

**_Akashic Mechanics II_

I've been experimenting. I _am_ a vessel of magic. All of these Incants add to me, but take away from me as well. I am like a Chest of magical data, and I store it for as long as I am here in the world. By using my Ink & Quill, I can write bits of magic, phrases of arcane intent, into the cosmos and feel/watch them take hold!

The spell that I find most interesting (within my current ability) is ETE DEBUG GEA DEBUG. Its effects are not physical in the slightest, but it gives me an idea of how this all works.

…

I can remember how Master described this.

_"Imagine a pile of paper. Each piece of paper has a different thing written on it._

_This is The Akashic. This is the purpose you will serve. To get at a piece of paper in the middle, you first need to go through all the ones on top of it._

_Incants pull off of the top of the Akashic; off of the top of this stack of paper. Some incants need more values than others, depending on how they work. Some require a certain type of value; a number, a boolean (true / false), etc. These values are called Clusters._

_Now, when an incant is run, any Clusters from the Akashic it uses gets removed. Yes, there are instances where there can be multiple stacks of paper, now shush._

_Some incants, when run, add things to the Akashic. These are fundamental, as they tend to provide a spell with more context; much like language.”_

She then walked across her little shack and turned my attention to a sign by the door. On it, "ETe GeA" was scrawled.

_“Take, for example, the spell 'ETE GEA'._

_‘ETE' is an incant that adds the caster to the Akashic, putting them on the top of the pile. It takes no values; a caster is always present in magick. 'GEA' is an incant that takes the value (or Cluster) of an entity - in this case, the caster - and puts that entity's position into the Akashic._

 _Adding 'DEBUG' to the end will reveal to you this Vector value or, as we call it, this Vector Cluster. This is optional though, of course. Back to the point._

_Therefore, 'ETE GEA' returns the caster's position. It does nothing by itself, but this is an integral part of quite a few spells._

_Do be careful when using this particular phrase with the more explosive words of the arcanic vocabulary though. I do not see cleaning up my apprentice's gory demise in neither my near or distant future.”_

 I never quite understood it before, but I think I am starting to understand. When I am free, I should try formulating minor spells to improve my understanding. DEBUG will be useful for this.

**_A Great Task_

I've learned a fair few Incants while researching. By doing this, I can confirm that I cannot directly understand §dTask Incants§r through this method. However, I think I can draw some conclusions, a Clue, from researching Enchanted Books.

I swear, I spend most of my days nose deep in tomes. When I decided to take up magick, I thought life would be more... I don't know, magical? Now I feel like a villager at their workstation. It _is_ nice to have mundanity and a routine though.

It staves off the climbing dread.

…

I've discovered some! It was strange... I nearly understood them (the Task Incants), but I didn't. However, with a Clue, I could sense what I was missing through the Akashic. If it was enough, I would learn the Task. It is a bit like observing something naturally to understand it. No, it is exactly that.

I've found that some Tasks are more difficult to get first try than others. In addition, I've seen Master use Incants (both Tasks and Passives) that I know I have no hope of acquiring if I don't know the particular things she does.

Knowledge is truly power at the higher stages of magecraft, it seems. I can always rely on good old studying, I suppose.

**_Paperwork?_

General magic is... limiting. I cannot write long form spells. There is no waybI can see to store my results to be used comfortably later. It is a bit maddening.

Master says I should try transcribing my spells onto paper. By doing so, it will become a piece of akashically influenced parchment that I can use as reference when casting using a Staff? I don't quite get it.

I suppose I'll try creating one of these Spell Pages. Apparently, by using Paper on a Lectern with an Ink & Quill in my offhand, this can be accomplished.

I'll show her my creation when I figure it out.

…

I see what she means. She really wasn't joking when she said I needed a Staff to be able to use it. However, this is good! I'm sure I can work something out.

I wonder if I could bind together a Spell Book of some kind with these? There must be so many things I can do with these Pages. What about the Staff? I’ll make sure to note down everything I find.