Magic trapped inside the prison of clay. Clay baked with the purpose of capturing magicks. Who invented them? I cannot remember. However, that does not mean I do not know the method of their creation.

**_A Diamond of Roses_

I have found the notes of an older magus on my adventures. It speaks of a melding of academia and arcana, to produce a vessel for magick.

I need some things, but right now, my goal is a simple one. I need to craft a Baked Clay Rune. To do that, I need to shape the rune using clay in a crafting bench and then cook it.

Nothing difficult.

…

All in all, not a very difficult start.

My next goal is simply to set up the ritual site. All I need is a Lectern and then surround it with flowers: 1 for each of the four blocks immediately adjacent to the Lectern.

Apparently, it allows for the absorption of the arcana that the rite will require.

**_Infusion!_

The most difficult aspect is this bit.

“Place the Baked Clay Rune on the Lectern to signal the beginning of the ritual. The setup will naturally draw in arcana, much like an artificial magus. As it does this, the amount of arcana in the ritual can be checked by hitting the Lectern with a Lapis Magus Staff. When a satisfactory amount of arcana is in the ritual, placing a Spell Page on the Lectern will successfully complete the ritual. As a note: the more arcana that is absorbed into the ritual, the more reality may become unstable and dangerous.”

It notes potential issues that can arise during the process but I'll ignore those for now. The important thing is that the rite seems simple. My first Stele does not need any more than 100 arcana.

My goal is to produce a Stele. No matter how terrible; no matter how great.

…

It was successful!

I did push above my means this time though... After a certain amount of arcana is absorbed into the ritual, it  _actually_ starts cracking reality and impacting the ritual and its surroundings negatively. These Arcane Tears can be closed by continuously using my Staff inside them (with NOTHING in my offhand). I am sure I could cooperate with other Magi to help close these Arcane Tears and create more powerful Steles a little more safely.

There do seem to be certain minor dangers associated with cooperation during creation though. I should watch out for them.