Akashic memory records information per spell, but sharing them across multiple spells is more difficult. Sharing information across entirely unrelated spells is impossible; with Memory, that is. Marking Incants are different. They save a Cluster (that is not a List) to a specific name to their specific caster. While they cannot be shared (among mortal casters anyway), they may be used to share Clusters across spells. Take note though: all Marks only last exactly 3 days. After 3 days (no matter how fast these days pass), the mark vanishes. Additionally, retrieving a Mark counts as Sensing, which comes with all its blessings and perils.

**WISSOX**

**SYNTAX**

_Akashic -> Word, Any (except Lists)_

_Wissox requires two Clusters to function properly._

_The Word Cluster serves as the name of the Mark created._

_The second Cluster serves as the Cluster that WISSOX saves to the Mark created._

_Akashic <- No Clusters_

_Wissox is the incant that represents "saving a Cluster to a Mark". It does just that. The Cluster is saved to a Mark that is named after the Word Cluster provided. As a result, nothing is added to or removed from the Akashic Stack._

_A Magus can only have one Cluster saved to a Mark by a specified name, and trying to override this will overwrite the Mark. Besides that, a potentially unlimited amount of Marks may be stored._

**Example Spells:**

/Casting\_Player/ ETE WISSOX -> Commits the caster's Cluster to a Mark called "Casting\_Player". This Mark will exist for 3 days, and any instance where it is retrieved (by the caster) will return the caster's Cluster. Nothing else happens.

**BURSOX**

**SYNTAX**

_Akashic -> Word_

_Bursox requires 1 Word Cluster to function properly._

_Akashic <- Any/Null_

_Bursox is the incant that represents "retrieving a Mark". It uses the Word Cluster to reference a Mark and return its contents. If there is no Mark by that name, Null is returned. Whatever is returned is added to the top of the Akashic Stack._

**Example Spells:**

/Casting\_Player/ SINJIT ETE WISSOX BURSOX GEA FUS -> Creates the Word Cluster "Casting\_Player" and duplicates it. Afterwards, it commits the caster's Cluster to this Mark, retrieves it, gets the caster's position and conjures a light at that position.

**YINSOX**

**SYNTAX**

_Akashic -> Word_

_Yinsox requires 1 Word Cluster to function properly._

_Akashic <- No Clusters_

_Yinsox is the incant that represents "erase a Mark". It uses the Word Cluster to reference a Mark and destroy its contents, causing it to become Null. As a result, nothing is added to or removed from the Akashic Stack._

**Example Spells:**

/Casting\_Player/ YINSOX -> Erases the contents of the Mark known as "Casting\_Player", if it is defined.