The Akashic remembers. It knows and keeps track of the Incants, their meanings and the Clusters returned by them. However, there are times when a Magus might need to keep track of a specific Cluster. Memory Incants become much more important then. It should be noted that these Incants seem designed to work together.

**SINWIS**

**SYNTAX**

_Akashic -> Any_

_Sinwis requires 1 Cluster to function properly._

_Akashic <- No Clusters_

_Sinwis is the incant that represents "commiting a Cluster to memory". It does just that. The Cluster is erased and stored in the spell as a memory. As a result, nothing is added to or removed from the Akashic Stack._

_Usually, a Magus can only have one Cluster saved to a spell's memory at ANY time or depth of the spell._

**Example Spells:**

ETE SINWIS -> Commits the caster's Cluster to the spell's memory. Nothing else happens.

**BURWIS**

**SYNTAX**

_Akashic -> No Clusters_

_Burwis doesn't requires any Clusters to function._

_Akashic <- Any/Null_

_Burwis is the incant that represents "retrieving a Cluster from memory". It does exactly that. Any Cluster currently saved by SINWIS is what is returned when BURWIS is detected by the Akashic. This allows it to take many forms. If no Cluster is set, BURWIS represents Null. Whatever is returned is added to the top of the Akashic Stack._

_SINWIS overwrites memory every time it is used, which changes BURWIS. However, BURWIS only changes what it returns after SINWIS overwrites the Akashic's Memory, allowing BURWIS to truly be any Cluster based on where exactly it is used in the spell._

**Example Spells:**

BURWIS DEBUG -> Allows the caster to see the Akashic, which will reveal a Null Cluster.

ETE SINWIS ETE GEA BURWIS DEBUG -> Allows the caster to see the Akashic, which will reveal the caster's position and then their cluster pulled from Memory.

ETE SINWIS ABI BURWIS GEA BURWIS XABAS FUS VIR SINFAN -> An overly complex light conjuration spell. It first commits the caster to memory before opening a List. Within this List, BURWIS is called, which now represents the Caster, and GEA is used to gather their position. BURWIS is then called again, providing the Caster again. XABAS is used to swap the places of the caster position and the caster in the Akashic, and finally, FUS is called before closing the List. SINFAN at the end is used to cast the List. While this light spell is needlessly complex for what it does, it showcases BURWIS's ability to keep its meaning across Akashic Layers (this applies to Akashic Loops as well).

**YINWIS**

**SYNTAX**

_Akashic -> No Clusters_

_Yinwis doesn't requires any Clusters to function._

_Akashic <- No Clusters_

_Yinwis is the incant that represents "forgetting a Cluster". It does just that. The Cluster is erased from.memory, returning to Null. As a result, nothing is added to or removed from the Akashic Stack._

_Usually, SINWIS overwrites memory so few Magi use this incant._

**Example Spells:**

ETE GEA SINWIS YINWIS BURWIS DEBUG -> Commits the caster's position Cluster to the spell's memory, erases it and returns the spell's memory (which will be Null). DEBUG allows the caster to see this Null Cluster.