This is where spellwriting becomes truly esoteric. Lists are a fundamental concept in advanced spells. They are able to store incants (which means they store spells) and even clusters for various purposes. In a variety of cases, they add _layers_ to a spell. In this section, incants used to manipulate Lists are present. Practice eases the grips of confusion, so take heed and practice what you learn here.

**BURABI**

**SYNTAX**

_Akashic -> List_

_Burabi requires a List Cluster to function._

_Akashic <- Any_

_Burabi is the incant that signifies "beginning of List". It is self-explanatory; whatever is at the beginning (first index or position '0') of the List is added to the top of the Akashic Stack._

**Example Spells:**

ABI ETE IRA VIR BURABI DEBUG -> Allows the caster to see the Akashic and view an undefined Cluster representing "ETE".

**BURVIR**

**SYNTAX**

_Akashic -> List_

_Burvir requires a List Cluster to function._

_Akashic <- Any_

_Burvir is the incant that signifies "ending of List". It is self-explanatory; whatever is at the end (the index equal to the amount of clusters in the List minus 1) of the List is added to the top of the Akashic Stack._

**Example Spells:**

ABI ETE IRA VIR BURVIR DEBUG -> Allows the caster to see the Akashic and view an undefined Cluster representing "IRA".

**BURNIM**

**SYNTAX**

_Akashic -> List, Number_

_Burnim requires a List Cluster and a Number Cluster to function._

_Akashic <- Any_

_Burnim is the incant that signifies "index of the List". The Number provided serves as an index, a numeric value that represents some value in the List provided. Whatever this Cluster is is added to the top of the Akashic Stack._

_Note: The first value in a List is denoted by the number '0'. Naturally, the second would be '1', and so forth._

**Example Spells:**

ABI ETE IRA IRO VIR 1 BURNIM DEBUG -> Allows the caster to see the Akashic and view an undefined Cluster representing "IRA".

**BURKALAGIM**

**SYNTAX**

_Akashic -> List, Number, Number_

_Burkalagim requires a List Cluster and two Number Clusters to function._

_The List serves as the parent List. This List is what is used to determine the resulting Cluster._

_The first Number serves as the first index. It tells BURKALAGIM where it should start creating the new "sub" List._

_The second Number serves as the second index. It tells BURKALAGIM where it should §ostop§r the creation of the "sub" List._

_Akashic <- List (Any)_

_Burkalagim is the incant that signifies "list within List". Another slightly confusing one. It naturally extracts a list from the List provided using the two index Numbers. The resulting List is added to the top of the Akashic Stack._

_Note: The first value in a List is denoted by the number '0'. Naturally, the second would be '1', and so forth._

**Example Spells:**

ABI ETE GEA FUS ETE VIR 0 2 BURKALAGIM DEBUG -> Allows the caster to see the Akashic and view a List Cluster containing "ETE", "GEA", and "FUS".

**SINVERAKAL**

**SYNTAX**

_Akashic -> List, List_

_Sinverakal requires two List Clusters to function._

_Akashic <- List (Any)_

_Sinverakal is the incant that signifies "to add Lists". The two Lists are joined as one, and then added to the top of the Akashic Stack._

**Example Spells:**

ABI ETE GEA VIR ABI FUS VIR SINVERAKAL DEBUG -> Allows the caster to see the Akashic and view the combined List Cluster containing "ETE", "GEA", and "FUS".

**XABAKAL**

**SYNTAX**

_Akashic -> List_

_Xabakal requires a List Cluster to function._

_Akashic <- List (Any)_

_Xabakal is the incant that signifies "reversal of List". The contents of the List are reversed, and then added to the top of the Akashic Stack._

**Example Spells:**

ABI ETE GEA FUS VIR XABAKAL DEBUG -> Allows the caster to see the Akashic and view the reversed List Cluster containing "FUS", "GEA", and "ETE".

**SINAKAL**

**SYNTAX**

_Akashic -> Number_

_Sinakal requires a Number Cluster to function._

_Akashic <- List (Any)_

_Sinakal has no true meaning but it is taken to mean "listifying the Akashic". It pulls from the Akashic and adds the Clusters it finds to a List. The amount of Clusters it does this to is equivalent to the Number provided. As this is done, the Clusters are removed from the Akashic and put into one List Cluster, which reverses their original order. This new List Cluster is then swiftly added to the top of the Akashic Stack. As a result, SINAKAL tends to be closely followed by XABAKAL._

**Example Spells:**

ETE ETE GEA 2 SINAKAL DEBUG -> Allows the caster to see the Akashic and view a List Cluster containing the caster's position and their cluster in that order.

ETE ETE GEA 2 SINAKAL XABAKAL DEBUG -> Allows the caster to see the Akashic and view a List Cluster containing the caster's cluster and their position in that order. A complete reversal of the List viewed above.

**LIBAKAL**

**SYNTAX**

_Akashic -> List_

_Libakal requires a List Cluster to function._

_Akashic <- Number_

_Libakal is the incant that signifies "length of the List". It is likely the simplest list incant, since all it does is return how many values are in the List provided. This number is then added to the top of the Akashic Stack._

**Example Spells:**

ABI ETE GEA FUS VIR LIBAKAL DEBUG -> Allows the caster to see the Akashic and view the length of the List. In this case, that is 3.

**YUTSINFAN**

**SYNTAX**

_Akashic -> List, List_

_Yutsinfan requires two List Clusters to function._

_The first List indicates a group of common Clusters, eg. a List of Entities returned by WIX._

_The second List indicates a spell phrase, eg. ABI GEA FUS VIR._

_Akashic <- No Clusters/List (Any)_

_Yutsinfan has no true meaning but is interpreted as "cast List over List". Its use is semi-complex. It directly performs the Spell List (Lists with only Incants inside it) over each value in the first List (regardless of if it is a Spell List, a Cluster List or a mixture of the two)._

_If this combination will leave over any additional Clusters, these are collected in a single List and returned after YUTSINFAN finishes its execution. This List is then added to the Akashic Stack._

**Example Spells:**

ETE 35 10 0 ESIZON ABI BIS VIR YUTSINFAN -> Sets all creatures caught in the ESIZON Entity List on fire. That is, BIS (a Task Incant) is performed across each and every one of the Entity Clusters caught by ESIZON.

**SINFAN**

**SYNTAX**

_Akashic -> List/Null_

_Sinfan requires a List Cluster to function. If a Null Cluster is provided, that is acceptable as well._

_Akashic <- No Clusters/Any_

_Sinfan has no true meaning but is interpreted as "cast List as spell". Its use is quite simple. It directly performs the Spell List provided. If Null is provided, SINFAN is ignored._

_Any additional Clusters left over are inserted into the Akashic directly in the order they were received. This means the principle of "first in, last out" must be kept in mind; much like with the Akashic._

**Example Spells:**

ABI ETE GEA FUS VIR SINFAN -> A roundabout method of casting the famous light spell.