Mystics often neglect how vast the libraries of magick actually are, and how each section interacts with their counterparts in a variety of predictable and unpredictable ways. This is no less true of Akashic Magick.

While the most devout of our discipline argue that the Akashic Art is superior to all else, the skeptic magi among our kind understand that even mundane sorcerers and their enchantments can sometimes trump and redirect our attempts at akashic trickery and deception, even if they do not understand how.

Their methods (which we have appropriately fused into our own understanding of magical theory) rely on concepts we will call Akashic Penetration and Akashic Resistance.

All akashic spells have an Akashic Penetration to some degree. It determines how likely it is for the spell to be interfered with by magical means, the usual culprits being enchantments. Generally, it is accepted that the Akashic Penetration of a casted spell is equal to the amount of extra seconds the Magus spent charging it up.

The direct opposite of this concept is Akashic Resistance. Players wearing enchanted armor all have a default of 1 Akashic Resistance, which increase by the levels of certain protective enchantments on their armor pieces, a few coming with conditions. Various enchantments do various things to an invading Akashic as well, but I will not cover any of them. Perhaps some other mundane sorcerer or mage has already created a codex of these effects in depth, but I leave you to experiment and figure them out.

These two forces conflict, as you would expect. However, it is not usually the entire spell that is affected by their clash. It is the Cluster of the thing with an Akashic Resistance.

If the Akashic Penetration (represented as AP) of a spell is lower than the Akashic Resistance (represented as AR) of the target Cluster, the Cluster has a (AP / AR \* 100)%  chance of NOT being warped in some way by the enchantments that make up the AR. This means that the lower the AP is, the more likely it is for the Cluster to be tampered with.

If the Akashic Penetration of a spell is greater than the Akashic Resistance of the target Cluster however, the Cluster is processed as normal. The take away: the longer a spell is charged, the more likely it is to bypass a Cluster's Akashic Resistance.

It is good to be at least aware of Akashic Penetration and Akashic Resistance. That way, enchanted protections become an object to both exploit and overcome. The mundane sorcerers of swords and enchantments have been getting bold as of late.