The Pale Garden is an oddity, but it provides a boon for magi who do not fear the things they will not know. Which is, quite frankly, all of us.

The fact that you are reading this means you know how to commune with the Creaking Heart. Getting it to serve as a Node is simple: tap the block using a Staff. The Creaking Heart must either be dormant or active, NEVER uprooted. If all goes well, an agreement will be reached and you will have a new Node.

A Node is a Creaking Heart that has been magically bribed into serving as a spellcaster. They cast the spell given to them (done by hitting the block with a Spell Page) every second, if the spell is not prolonged for whatever reason (pesky Self Eating Snakes, etc).

Naturally, this is not done for free. The Node needs nutrition, which comes in the form of arcana. By using the staff while looking at the Node (no Spell Page or Spell Book should be in the offhand), the Node siphons arcana into itself from its creator (you). Similarly, spells can only be set by you, and by using the Staff, you can cause it to pause its spellcasting duties.

By now, you are aware that Nodes are very private "spellcasters". However, much like the roots of a tree, their Marks (which are considered permanent unless set to Null) are shared. A Node can overwrite a Mark set within another Node and pull information from a Mark set by yet another of its kind. This allows them to be flexible in function.

The Creaking Heart is still, in an odd way, alive. While it may not communicate directly, its Creaking will usually understand and relay its state. By casting BURVIRSAH on it, this can be added to the Akashic as a Word Cluster. What this infers should be obvious to a capable Magus.

A spell used to commune with the Creaking of a Creaking Heart serving as a Node is: "ETE SINJIT ESIJIT BURVIRSAH IRASINWIS". There are specialties that have other means to glean this information in more "usable" forms, but this is the most common method. May it prove helpful in your (constant) magickal queries.

Working with Nodes sounds like a lot. It is. It is an agreement made between magus and tree spirit. You ensure that it and its avatar are safe (regardless of its hostile intent), and it ensures your spell runs so long as you provide it with arcana. Together, you are a team. As surprising as it sounds, your Creaking Heart is the only companion you will ever have in the arts of the Akashic that will never betray you.