As complex as Akashic Magick may be, there are limits and laws that it adheres to. Listed below, you will find the most pressing of them in their entirety.

**Limit of Bounds**
Certain Incants that use Number Clusters come with clear bounds when it comes to how effective they can be and the highest numeric value they will allow. These bounds are always stated in the Incant's description. Many of these Incants have high bounds, but understand that their costs in arcana tend to be exponential after a sensible point.

**Limit of Knowledge**
If a running spell comes across an Incant the user does not know, it will error. There are special tools that allow the use of spells, even without knowledge of the Incants that make it up; however, even they need this important knowledge on creation. The ignorant Magus is a burden after all.

**Limit of Sensing**
Entity, Block and Item Clusters must be properly sensed to be considered valid. This can be done using Sensory Incants. As this is a limit, it is safe to assume that there are ways to evade Sensing, or at least fool a Magus's Akashic Sensing. A general rule, though, is that Clusters collected through physical contact count as an automatically successful Sensing.

**Limit of Dimension**
The effects of spells are not cross-dimensional. Crossing dimensions is sure to get rid of residual Akashic influences. Additionally, the Magus must be in the same dimension as their target for spells directed at them to work.

**Limit of Akashic Index**
All Magi have an Akashic Index, which is, the maximum number of spells they can upkeep at once. The default amount of indexes a Magus is allowed is 7. This may increase or decrease based Traits acquired.

**Limit of Conflicting Esoterica**
Akashic Magic becomes unreliable when exposed to certain esoteric blocks and items.,

        -> Crying Obsidian influences any spells performed nearby it, causing their Akashics to become Entity Proof and Vector Proof.

        -> Ender Eyes in block inventories have a high chance of protecting them from being Sensed. Crying Obsidian in block inventories makes Sensing the block impossible.

        -> Ender Eyes inside the inventories of non-magical entities\* have a low chance of protecting them from being Sensed, returning a Null Cluster instead.

*Non-magical entities indicate mobs/players that are NOT Magi and are NOT Mystic level Witches (Bewitchery).*