Arcana is the potential or ability to do magick. It is, fundamentally, a form of occult energy and behaves just as strangely as anyone would expect it to. All things seem to produce arcana somehow, but most Magi draw it from the local flora.

Magi pull arcana from plants, but not all pull from the same _kind_ of plants. Some pull from grass and grass blocks, others draw from flowers, and a small few pull on the enduring energy of the trees and their leaves. A Magus that has figured out what they draw arcana from naturally tends to live around or nearby that kind of flora.

Absorbing arcana is also somewhat dependent on the Magus; however, most Magi pull in arcana when they are healing (having regeneration counts). This means that a Magus needs to be healing and be around their appropriate flora to properly absorb arcana. In a way, I'm sure this is the Lady urging her children to "touch grass". Whether they will heed it is not something I, a humble tome, can know.

The maximum arcana a Magus can take in can be increased through Research (either through the accumulation of Insight or through Ancient Lores) and solving Cyphants. It is safe to say that the more arcana a Magus has, the more things they can afford to do.

Finally, it should be understood that the subject of arcana and its absorption is not an exact science. There are factors (Traits) that may cause a Magus to "switch up" what they pull arcana from. A Magus looking into the Scorched Conclave and their horrors might end up being able to draw arcana from fires. It is even a well-known fact that Mooism heretics gain arcana from drinking milk.