Incants are the true instruments of Magi. Spells, by arcane terminology, are defined as "arcanic literature that enforces its meaning upon reality through the Akashic". It is a very literal enforcing, akin to the imagined weight of an esoteric language, and Incants are what each and every one of these words are.

Most Incants pull values (Clusters) from the Akashic. Others add them to it. All are important, though some circles argue otherwise.

**_Passive Incants_**

Passive Incants refer to any Incant that does not physically affect the world _in noticeable ways_. They tend to give the sense that their invoker is feeling out a thing or place, and are much better described as descriptors.

Since that is the case, they make up the majority of a spell. It is a good thing that _they do not cost arcana._ They can generally be understood by reading normal books and picking out the esoteric from the mundane.

**_Task Incants_**

Task Incants refer to any Incant that _does_ physically affect the world, usually in very bombastic ways. They are few and far between, and Magi treasure them dearly because they are the source of their power.

By sifting through enchanted books via research, clues to understanding some may be discovered. To test a Clue, simply use the Akashic to feel out whatever it is the clue is about.

Task Incants consume arcana. Magic is worked, something has changed (even if nothing appears to have happened), so arcana must be taken as the price. The amount of arcana used, however, depends entirely on the Task Incant.

As a note, Magi keep track of their own spell costs. It is difficult when it comes to general magick, but for applied magick, it can be a life saver.