Novices use Ink & Quill to write spells, using their Inner Akashics to process them. While this kind of general magick has its place, it falls short in practicality when longer spells are being formulated. This is where theoretic magic in the form of Spellscribing comes into play.

Spellscribing is the practice of writing down spells on paper to be cast as many times as necessary later. Naturally, the appeal is obvious. While it lacks the context heavy flexibility of general magick, large and complex spells can be planned out and brought to life reliably, as long as they are designed in a way where the correct Clusters are assumed to be present.

This skill is only available post-initiation, like most of Akashic Magick. By using Paper (with an Ink & Quill in the offhand) on a Lectern, a Spell Page is created. This Page cannot be used by itself to work magick, contrary to popular belief. It is held in the offhand while a Staff is used to channel the arcana required to power the mystic incantation written on it.

The following entries will dive into true intricacies of Spellscribing, and why it is considered to be the "paperwork of the Magus".

**_Spell Pages_**

Spell Pages are the most important result of Spellscribing. They are what holds the spell that is written down. However, when first written, they can only hold around 100 characters. Thankfully, there are ways around this.

Spell Pages can be combined to create Compound Spell Pages. This is done by holding Spell Pages (even their Compound variations) in both hands and using one. The Spell Page in the mainhand will attach itself to the end of the one held in the offhand.

They can be separated by using a Shear while holding a Compound Spell Page in the offhand. This "snipping" will separate the spell into the parts that made it up in the first place, which is useful for organization.

Speaking of organization, Spell Pages can be dyed, much like leather armor. This allows them to be sorted by pigment, and academics and magical librarians take the dyeing and cataloguing of spells very seriously. Too seriously, in my opinion.


Finally, they can be obfuscated. There are times when there are sensitive spells that Magi might prefer to be left hidden. By using Ink Sacs on a Spell Page, they can hide their contents from prying eyes, preventing its editing as well. Glow Ink Sacs reverse this effect on the pieces obfuscated by the secretive Magus.

It should be understood that nothing is ever _purely_ hidden in this world; even if it is better off if that was the case.

**_Spell Books_**

Spell Pages are only 1 spell though. Many Magi prefer to bind them into books to save space. To do this, they use a Spell Book. With it in their offhand, they can safely insert Spell Pages into the various page slots. Naturally, spells can be removed as well by using a Shear on the Spell Book.

Outside of the fact that Spell Books can be dyed much like Spell Pages, as well as be read like them, they are much better seen as a bundle of Spell Pages. I must admit though, I quite enjoyed them when I was... mortal.